README.md, before:

# Google Cloud SQL Proxy

run the Google Cloud SQL Proxy in a GitHub Action's context

[![license][license-img]][license-url]
[![release][release-img]][release-url]
[![super linter][super-linter-img]][super-linter-url]
[![semantic][semantic-img]][semantic-url]

## Usage

### Prerequisites

-   Running Cloud SQL instance with a public IP address
-   Service Account with Role `Cloud SQL Client`

``` yaml
on:
  push:
    branches: [ master ]

jobs:
  db-migrate:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - uses: ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy@v1
        with:
          key: ${{ secrets.cloud-sql-json-key }}
          connection: my-project:northamerica-northeast1:database
          port: 5432
```

### Inputs

| input      | required | default         | description                                                        |
|------------|----------|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| key        | ✓        | `-`             | Service Account JSON Key                                           |
| connection | ✓        | `-`             | Cloud SQL connection name                                          |
| port       | ✓        | `-`             | *Listening port (MySQL: 3306, PostgreSQL: 5432, SQL Server: 1433)* |
| version    | ✗        | `1.22.0-alpine` | Cloud SQL Proxy [Version][]                                        |
| sleep      | ✗        | `3`             | time between connection checks                                     |
| attempts   | ✗        | `10`            | number of total connection checks                                  |

  [Version]: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloudsql-proxy/releases

----
> Author: [Ahmad Nassri](https://www.ahmadnassri.com/) &bull;
> Twitter: [@AhmadNassri](https://twitter.com/AhmadNassri)

[license-url]: LICENSE
[license-img]: https://badgen.net/github/license/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy

[release-url]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/releases
[release-img]: https://badgen.net/github/release/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy

[super-linter-url]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/actions?query=workflow%3Asuper-linter
[super-linter-img]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/workflows/super-linter/badge.svg

[semantic-url]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/actions?query=workflow%3Arelease
[semantic-img]: https://badgen.net/badge/📦/semantically%20released/blue

Commit message:

feat: accept either cred files or token
BREAKING CHANGES: use official docker image and upgrade to v2

README.md, after:

# Google Cloud SQL Proxy

run the Google Cloud SQL Proxy in a GitHub Action's context

[![license][license-img]][license-url]
[![release][release-img]][release-url]
[![super linter][super-linter-img]][super-linter-url]
[![semantic][semantic-img]][semantic-url]

## Usage

### Prerequisites

-   Running Cloud SQL instance with a public IP address
-   Service Account with Role `Cloud SQL Client`

``` yaml
on:
  push:
    branches: [ master ]

jobs:
  db-migrate:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - uses: ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy@v1
        with:
          key: ${{ secrets.cloud-sql-json-key }}
          connection: my-project:northamerica-northeast1:database
          port: 5432
```

### Inputs

| input      | required | default         | description                                                        |
|------------|----------|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| key        | x        | `-`             | Service Account JSON Key                                           |
| token      | x        | `-`             | Service Account OIDC token (if using OIDC authn)                   |
| connection | ✓        | `-`             | Cloud SQL connection name                                          |
| port       | ✓        | `-`             | *Listening port (MySQL: 3306, PostgreSQL: 5432, SQL Server: 1433)* |
| version    | ✗        | `1.22.0-alpine` | Cloud SQL Proxy [Version][]                                        |
| sleep      | ✗        | `3`             | time between connection checks                                     |
| attempts   | x        | `10`            | number of total connection checks                                  |

  [Version]: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloudsql-proxy/releases

Note: One of `key` or `token` is required for authentication.

----
> Author: [Ahmad Nassri](https://www.ahmadnassri.com/) &bull;
> Twitter: [@AhmadNassri](https://twitter.com/AhmadNassri)

[license-url]: LICENSE
[license-img]: https://badgen.net/github/license/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy

[release-url]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/releases
[release-img]: https://badgen.net/github/release/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy

[super-linter-url]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/actions?query=workflow%3Asuper-linter
[super-linter-img]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/workflows/super-linter/badge.svg

[semantic-url]: https://github.com/ahmadnassri/action-google-cloud-sql-proxy/actions?query=workflow%3Arelease
[semantic-img]: https://badgen.net/badge/📦/semantically%20released/blue
